README.md, before:

# Fixed Deposite Management System
---

This project will help you to manage the fixed deposits in the bank. The admin can create the n-number of employees in the database and they are added through the Employee section in the homepage of the dashboard.

The added employees are allowed to create, delete or modify the customer. Employees can create the various types of FD's (Fixed Deposit) as per the customer need, after creating a FD, the FD Certificate will be generated. Employees are also able to generate various types of reports as per their need.

<Br>
> [!NOTE]
> The default username is `administrator` and password is `administrator` <br>

<br>
## Limitations
---
As I'm using the Microsoft Access database it is not encrypted and stored locally so anyone can see, modify the data directly.


<br>
## Pre-requisite Softwares 
---
1. Visual Studio 2017 ---> <br>
Choose the `.Net Core Development` option and install it. Download visual studio from [here](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/older-downloads/)


> [!TIP]
> It is recommended to use the older versions of the Visual Studio. You can use 2017 and below versions.
>You can use the latest version but the reports may not be generated after versions of 2017. Other functions will work.

2. SAP Crystal Reports ---> <br>
Tool for generating the crystal reports. Download and install from [here](sap link)


<br>
## Steps for compiling
---
1. Download this project and open the project folder in Visual Studio.
2. Update the path in the code:
   * Crystal reports page
   * Access database
3. After updating all the paths, just press `F5` or goto Compile > Build and Run
4. Enjoy! 🥳🎉

<br>
## Screenshots
---
1. Login page
2. Admin dashboard
3. Employee dashboard
4. Create customer
5. Create FD 
6. Reports section

Commit message:

Update README.md (#1)
Markdown errors have been removed, code is fixed according to syntax.

README.md, after:

# 🏦 Fixed Deposit Management System

---

This project is your one-stop solution to manage the fixed deposits in a bank. The admin can create any number of employees in the database, and they are added through the Employee section on the dashboard's homepage.

The added employees have the power to create, delete, or modify the customer. Employees can create various types of FDs (Fixed Deposit) as per the customer's need. After creating an FD, the FD Certificate will be generated. Employees are also able to generate various types of reports as per their need.

> 🔑 **NOTE:** The default username is `administrator` and the password is `administrator`.

## ⚠️ Limitations

As I'm using the Microsoft Access database, it is not encrypted and stored locally, so anyone can see and modify the data directly.

## 📚 Pre-requisite Softwares

1. **Visual Studio 2017**  
Choose the `.Net Core Development` option and install it. Download Visual Studio from [here](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/older-downloads/)

>[!TIP]
 It is recommended to use the older versions of Visual Studio. You can use 2017 and below versions. You can use the latest version, but the reports may not be generated after versions of 2017. Other functions will work.

1. **SAP Crystal Reports**  
Tool for generating the crystal reports. Download and install from [here](https://foxlearn.com/crystal-reports/how-to-download-and-install-crystal-report-runtime-700.html)

## 🚀 Steps for compiling

1. Download this project and open the project folder in Visual Studio.
2. Update the path in the code:
    * Crystal reports page
    * Access database
3. After updating all the paths, just press `F5` or go to Compile > Build and Run
4. Enjoy! 🥳🎉

## 📸 Screenshots

1. Login page
2. Admin dashboard
3. Employee dashboard
4. Create customer
5. Create FD
6. Reports section
